I have an experience of 8 months as frontend developer. Currently I am working as a software developer at wings on wheels. Prior to this I have work at  suvidha foundation as a frontend developer and as a web dev freelancer at Pawan hospital and mi100 hiegen products pvt ltd . there I honed my skills in UI designing and development. 
 

Hr round negotiation
1. Salary expectation
With respect to the skills and experiences I have, I am looking for something in the range of 30K to 50K negotiable.

2. Why do you want to work for our company?
I am excited for the role. I have read the job description properly . and I feel that My skills, expertise and interest aligns with the job requirements. That's why.

extra: if company is product based: Besides this, after researching, I came to know that your company's culture supports learning and development. 

3. Greatest strengths and weakness
I am a team player,  self motivated person and a team player.
weakness: 

4. 5yrs?  I enjoy new challenges,
so In the next 5 years, I would like to become an expert in javascript. I want to gain expertise and experience to advance as a tech lead where I can guide a team of software developers.

5. Why should we hire you?
I like new challenges/ solving problems and I am a team player. 
And I think that The skills and experience I have, makes me good fit for the role.

6. How do you deal with criticism? 
Well, I am enthusiastic about learning new things. During this process I might tend to make mistakes.
So if someone provides me with constructive criticism, I am always open to it. 
I will try to correct it, learn from the mistake. 
And I think This would also help me grow and move forward.

⭐ type questions
*Leadership: Led a team of frontend developers to deliver the project before deadline.

* Biggest achievement so far:
Achievement 1: We have to start the project from scratch. We have to  UI, So i trained my team members how to use Figma. 

* new things learned: to deliver the project before deadline, I upskilled myself and learnt backend dev. Nodejs expressJs.

7. How did you handle disagreements with your manager?
this ques reminds of  an instance where I and my manager had a disagreement on why a certain feature has to be included in the product. he was against it.
So We discussed pros and cons of that feature. I explained to him how adding that feature in our product would be the make the lives of our users easier. 
Finally he manager was convinced. 
learned that effective and graceful communication is the ultimate key
